Clarify the description of "namespace" in the UI and CLI (#1023)
weaveworks/weave-gitops: README.md

Flags:
  -h, --help               Help for gitops

>       --namespace string   The namespace scope for this operation (default "wego-system").

Reviewer: This is a change I did in a branch. Trying to be super specific about what this flag does.

```suggestion
      --namespace string   The Kubernetes namespace in which Weave GitOps objects will be stored (default "wego-system").
```

Reviewer 2: @jpellizzari specific can be tricky... doing a `get/status` or `remove` isn't a "will be", it's "the objects are here already"

Reviewer: @sympatheticmoose Not sure what you mean. We are open to suggestions on the text itself.

Reviewer 2: I gave my suggestion already in the issue ;) I'm saying "will be stored" implies that this is always an action where I am about to store objects which don't yet exist into the given namespace. Which isn't the case for read or remove operations.

Reviewer: OK I missed that. @joshri ^^

Author: Got it 🌞
